Add projective plane, resolve #893 (#1021)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000168/properties/P000086.md

---
space: S000168
property: P000086
value: true
---

> For any two points on {S169}, there exists a rotation of $\mathbb R^3$ send one to other and keep all antipodal point pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any two points on {S169}, there exists a rotation of $\mathbb R^3$ sending one to the other and preserving all antipodal point pairs.
```

> So this rotation induce a homeomorphism of {S168}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So this rotation induces a homeomorphism of {S168}.
```
